Pass IAM Instance profile ARN (#170)
hashicorp/terraform-aws-vault: modules/vault-cluster/README.md

### IAM Role and Permissions

Each EC2 Instance in the ASG has an [IAM Role](http://docs.aws.amazon.com/IAM/latest/UserGuide/id_roles.html) attached.

> The IAM Role ARN is exported as an output variable so you can add custom permissions. If you require a deterministic IAM role ARN, the `iam_instance_profile_arn` variable can be set to your desired IAM Instance profile ARN.

Reviewer: I'm not sure "deterministic" is the right term here. Perhaps:

```suggestion
If you wish to use an IAM role and IAM instance profile created outside of this module, you can pass the instance profile ARN in via the `iam_instance_profile_arn` variable.
```
